Feat(serverless-contracts): add SQS contract (#996)
swarmion/swarmion: user-docs/documentation/docs/how-to-guides/1-use-serverless-contracts/3-sqs.md

[See an example](../../how-to-guides/migration-guides/ajv-dependency-injection#share-a-singleton-ajv-instance-across-the-whole-project)
:::

:::caution
This handler also provides a body validation that will throw an error if there is a mismatch with the `messageBodySchema`. This ensure that invalid messages will not be mistakenly taken into account. However, be sure to set up an invalid message failure flow, for example with a [DLQ](https://www.serverless.com/blog/lambda-destinations/).

If you still wish to disable this behavior, you can use the optional second argument in the `getHandler` feature.
If you do so, you can omit the `ajv` option.

```ts
import { getHandler } from '@swarmion/serverless-contracts';

const handler = getHandler(myContract, {
  validateBody: false,
})(async message => {
  // ...
});
```

:::

Alternatively, if you wish to handle the batch behavior by yourself, you can set the `handleBatchedRecords` option to `false`.

```ts
import { getHandler } from '@swarmion/serverless-contracts';
import { ajv } from 'libs/ajv';

export const main = getHandler(mySqsContract, {
  ajv,
  handleBatchedRecords: false,
})(async ({ Records }) => {

>   Records.forEach(message => {

Reviewer: Nit: the AWS API convention is a bit weird with its UpperCamelCase object keys, I would prefer to use `records`, WDYT?

Author: I agree, I changed it

    const { toto } = message.body; // parsed and typed with the correct keys

    // write your business logic for one message
  });
  // Handle message failure as you want.

>   // Be aware that unhandled failure will make the whole batch of messages aivalable after the visbility timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Be aware that unhandled failure will make the whole batch of messages available after the visibility timeout,
```

Use explicit `undefined` to disable body serialization.

```ts
const sendMyMessage = buildSendMessage(mySqsContract, {
  queueUrl,
  sqsClient,
  ajv,
  bodySerializer: undefined,
});

await sendMyMessage({ body: 'toto' });
```

:::

:::info
Regarding the `ajv` option, we advise you to use a singleton instance of ajv that you define in a separate file. This way, you can use the same instance for all your contracts and middlewares.

[See an example](../../how-to-guides/migration-guides/ajv-dependency-injection#share-a-singleton-ajv-instance-across-the-whole-project)
:::

:::caution
The message sender also provides a body validation that will throw an error if there is a mismatch with the `messageBodySchema`. This ensure that invalid messages will not be mistakenly sent.

If you still wish to disable this behavior, you can use the optional `validateMessage` argument in the `buildSendMessage` feature.
If you do so, you can omit the `ajv` option.

```ts
const sendMyMessage = buildSendMessage(mySqsContract, {
  queueUrl,
  sqsClient,
  validateMessage: false,
});

await sendMyMessage({ body: { what: 'ever' } });
```

:::

:::caution

> This only works with the AWS sdk v3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only works with the AWS SDK v3
```
